
This project is a part of StartOS, it distributed under GPL.
LICENSE: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt
Copyright (C) 2012 - 2013  StarOS

This project first obtains all binary executable files, then 
queries their dependent shared libraries, after some heavy 
computing, outputs the:

    1)  Direct dependencies:  The first query result. The specified 
            package works well just only these dependent packages 
            have been installed and work well.

    2)  All dependencies:  Including all dependencies of the specified 
            package and these dependencies' dependencies. 

    3)  Suggest dependencies:   The direct dependencies except that 
            which have been become the dependency of sub-dependencies.

According to the command line options:
    Also, you can output a diagram about the packages' dependency. 

About the usages, please refer to their help message(by specifying '-h' 
option in the command line). 


Note:  You should known that becaue of Bash Shell Script's limitation
       that it does not support data structures, some critical 
       operations in this project have not doing very well. So, the 
       "Suggested dependencies" will not be absolutely right, just 
       treat it as information for developer to refer to.
       
Usage:
    Just executing them directly. 

  * The 'chkrundepend.sh' will generates 4 directories:

        direct_rtd_dir : The result record files. 
        direct_log_dir : Log files. If encounter something wrong, may these 
                         files will help you...
        direct_dot_dir : The dot files, generating diagrams based on them.
        rtd_svg_dir    : The svg diagrams about dependencies's relationship.


  * The 'eybs.sh' needs ybs (The package system of StartOS). it checks Run-time 
    dependencies of the configuration file of specified package, based of 
    the results of 'chkrundepend.sh', it will shows you the some very useful 
    message.


Warning: If you received "Permission denied" error messages while executing, 
      may be you shoud add 'x' permission to them, or add 'bash' before 
      the command; AND obtain the permission of supervisor, 
      


By    chen-qx@live.cn    24/06/2013 
